# SynPhosphoThreonine
Files related to the mapping of Thr and pThr phosphosites in a human representative phospho-library

Data is first seperated into files by deinterleave before be taken forward with analysis. Data is filtered for quality using Trimmomatic, which applies a sliding window filter of width 2 bp and a Phred score cutoff of 30. If the average quality score over two consecutive bases fell below 30, the read is trimmed to remove the remaining bases. Quality trimmed read pairs are then merged using BBMerge with the stringency set to “strict” (https://sourceforge.net/projects/bbmap/). Using the associated scripts, the merged reads are then sorted and assigned to the various input libraries based on barcodes added during the PCR amplification step, libraries are provided in the associated csv files. The variable sequence region for each amplicon was then extracted, and for each input library the abundance of every unique sequence was calculated. The code has been adapted for CRISPR amplicon sequencing through MGH CCIB DNA Core.

Brief overview of use.
1) FASTQ file should be first analyzed by deinterleave. Within the deinterleave directory, there should be folders for 'code' 'input' 'output' and 'temp'. Create a folder titled CA1 (CA2, CA3... etc for each sample). Put single FASTQ files in seperate CA files, then run the rundirectory.sh code within the deinterleave/code folder. This folder should also contain deinterleave_fastq.sh and full_pipeline_rundirectory.sh
2) The output from deinterleave can be cut and paste into the input folder for the corresponding library search, i.e. pThr, Thr, or pSer. From here you simple run the rundirectory.sh code within the pThr/code folder. This folder should contain the following files: rundirectory.sh, seq_lib.csv, README.txt, demultiplex_and_rc_v5_kyle.py, demultiplex_and_rc_v6_kyle.py and a library_fasta folder with all of the associated FASTA files (.dict, .amb, .ann, .bwt, .fai, .pac, .sa, and .FASTA).
3) The output from this script should produce the associated data analysis corresponding to different quality cutoff scores.

NGS files associated with HI-P and HI-P+ have been deposited to NCBI, BioProjectID: PRJNA732384, SubmissionID: SUB9725286.
